Trigger warning: Death, blood, and sadness.


Chatper 1 - Mother
My mother left us when I was very young. I was too young.

Too young to understand why she left, and too malnourished to follow. At the time, my twin brother Glenn lay weakly, cushioned by tall grass and with a thin blanket of fallen leaves obscuring a little tuft of hair on his head. Despite my hunger, I was happy then. If just for a moment.

WALTERNOTE: I already want revenge

It's odd how memories work. The thing I remember most about that morning, besides Mother leaving, was the way the sunlight pierced through a singular drop of dew right in front of my nose. It was so close I had to turn my head a little bit to see it, but that single drop of water shone as bright as the sun itself. It hung precariously on the tip of the blade, as if it could fall any moment.

Mother came over and gently nuzzled us before heading out to find breakfast. I could tell by the way she paced back and forth that she was as hungry as we were and eager for dawn to break to begin a search for sustenance. When she finally came over, her warm breath ran over my face and I pretended to be fully asleep. Or, at least that was my intent. Pretending to sleep is a dangerous game though, as I woke up a little later on that same patch of grass with the sun weaving its way through slits in the canopy above. Mother usually returns soon after and take us with her to some wild berries or some hidden cache of flowers. Something was wrong.

I let out a grunt and got up unceremoniously, stretching out my legs in all directions. Glenn was sitting quietly besides a tree a short distance away but I could faintly hear him weeping.

<<<<<<< HEAD
"Where is Mother?", I asked Glenn. He only wept harder, increasing in both pitch and volume. I sat down adjacent and waited for him to relax, my own anxious tension rising inversely. After a few minutes, I couldn't take it anymore. I was about to shout at him when I began to feel it.
=======
WALTERNOTE: Stretched leges in all direction... AH I'M A DEER!!!

"Where is Mother?", I asked Glenn. He just wept harder, increasing in both pitch and volume. I sat down adjacent and waited for him to relax, my own anxious tension rising inversely. After a few minutes, I couldn't take it anymore. I was about to shout at him when I felt it.
>>>>>>> e66c9de0b3c479548a92dab35f10c99864ee3d00

It began faintly, like the forest was vibrating around us. An even more subtle call rang out in the distance, a call like I've never heard before - like a caucophony of birds all at once. Then, I could distinctly feel it in my hooves, giving them a slight tingle and a mild tickle at the ankle.

Birds above us evacuated to the air with a panicked squawk and my brother's eyes formed into puddles of despair. "I'm scared", he whined.

I got up and followed the scent trail of Mother, running as fast as my wobbly legs could take me. As I ran, the rumbling grew and grew and Mother's scent grew with it. After a quick tangle with some bushes, the world grabbed me by the tail and spun me over my head as I fell abruptly into a clearing.

The entire duration that I lay there, fallen on the ground, looking at the world sideways, I had no conception of time or scale. It was as if my existence had ceased and the only beings in this world were myself and this 'beast' that writhed before me. Was it a beast? Or was it the world itself? I can only describe it as a blurred wall of unending motion, scarring the ground it moved upon. I was wholely stunned, completely petrified unable to even turn my head to orient myself and view it in its full might.

It couldn't have been a creature, because no conceiveable being could move that fast and be so large that time itself cannot contain its proportion. It was an endless stream of washed-out edges and angles, offering no compliance with any attempt to identify or name it. An unnameable monstrous visage, that literally shook my core to the bone as I lay on the wet trembling grass before it.

I don't know how much time passed while I lay there. I could not even hope to attempt to understand what I saw, let alone fully perceive it in the sheer magnitude of volume and vibration of its magnificent form. Then it let out the same splitting howl as I heard earlier but this time my heart nearly stopped despite its otherwise enthusiastic efforts to set a record for most beats per minute. My ears have never worked the same after hearing its howl. The rest of the world is dulled by comparison now, or maybe it was simply too much for them to take in. The important thing, is that soon after it unleashed that howl, it disappeared - almost as quickly as it had appeared.

And there was Mother.. on the other side of the scab of earth left behind by the beast. It split the forest like a scar, where fur never grows again. But there was Mother on the other side, maybe as stunned and overwhelmed as I was because she was completely still on the ground just as I was when I had tripped a moment ago. I eagerly lept over the scarred earth, just relieved to be with Mother again.

I wasn't disillusioned, at that point, that she might've been alive. I had realized it as soon as I had lept over the tracks and a pool of her blood stained my hooves. Something snapped in me once I crossed the beast's trail. It was as if the scope of my existence had exploded and the world was no longer sequence of forests, meadowlands and grasslands. Mother lay dead before me, Glenn starving on the other side of the chasm, and we were now orphans.

As a relatively newborn fawn, Mother had done everything she could to guard and care for us up to that point. Father, a stag named Erben had left shortly after I was conceived, and my twin Glenn showed no intent of filling in those antlers any time soon. As the lone matriarch of our tiny herd Mother bore a lot of responsibility. With her gone, there was only one option, and it was to press forward as my own matriarch. Imprinting that thought into my heart, I tore myself away from the scene and rushed back the way I came - a final tear releasing itself to the hard ground as I turned and fled. As I left I did catch the glimpse of the beginnings of a green meadow past a small thicket of forest beyond the chasm.

My brother Glenn was right where I had left him - his tears exhausted, like my own. "Get up Brother, we have to get food". 

"Where is Mother", he stated as if he wasn't asking a question. He knows as well as I. He may not have seen the beast but he knows Mother wouldn't leave us unless something terrible had happened.

"Get up Brother, I know where food is", I said as I nudged him up with my snout. He has already suffered enough, we'll cross the chasm further down the trail so he doesn't need to endure pain for what he deep down already knows has happened.

...

That was ages ago. It's been two winters since then and the herd has grown to five - Glenn, and a group of triplets. Glenn antlers began coming in not long after we first saw the beast and he has grown increasingly restless over the months since. The newer members of the herd are slightly younger and their own family was broken through similar means to our own. The beast had taken their mother just as it had ours. The triplets, two doe and a young buck, came across us last winter. When we first met, they were just about as forlorn and broken as Glenn was back on that day two years ago, but I have since helped them to restore their strength - showing them how to track squirrels' stashes and which trees had edible bark. 

As we grew closer together, we discussed the beast itself. None of us seemed able to describe it in concrete terms, since the very concept of it was hard to grasp and we had only seen it a hooveful of times. Yet somehow, as much as it was an agent of division, it was also a powerful force of unification. Every one of us had committed to someday destroying the beast that had taken our families from us. We began doing regular grazing routes along the length of the chasm. We searched for any hints of how it might have such speed or clues to why it never deviates from this one path. 

Then, one day, 
