Little Timmy's leaking apendix was as swollen as a bloated blowfish on the brink of popping like a balloon.

Reception crossed Timmy's year of birth, 1960, with the first letter of his first name, "T," to identify the doctors available.  Some entries had two entries, 1960 T had one.

"Doctor Ignatious Maximillion Awesomesause."  Yale and Harvard. Fat stacks and rock-hard abs. He was Little Timmy's last hope.

Today, Ignatious was participating in the sunday night Crazy Christmas cookie cookoff on CBS. His bacon-bites were 5 minutes from being in the oven, but he'd inadvertently used a 14:13 ratio of Licorish to Lavendar instead of the perscribed 15:13 ratio. The kitchen was almost out of cooking alchohol and the camera crew was overwhelmed by empty bottles.

The call came in from the clinic next door.  "But noooooooo" Ignatious wined, "my bacon bits, I need to finish my licorish and lavendar bacon bits..."

It was too late though.  Little Timmy was being wheeled on a cart into the kitchen.

Doctor Awesomesause did a highly-acidic mixture between a sign and a belch. "Hold my beer."

His gloves were already on from handling ingredients.  He opened Little Timmy with his vegitable knife; the operation had begun.

Commercial break.

The show resumed, it was time to judge the culinary creations.  We introduce our three judges:
* The Ghost of Christmas Past
* The Ghost of Christmas Present
* The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come or the Future


"Doctor Ignatious Maximillion Awesomesauce: you were asked to make peanut butter and jelly cookies symbolizing the American condition and the evils of capitolism.  You have given us bacon bits salted in licorish and lavender.  How do you plead?"

A loud popping noise.  Doctor Ignatious ripped the dripping appendix out of Little Timmy.  The smell of iodine.
"Guilty, your honors.  Now eat up your lavender surprise bacon bits."

The ghosts were hesitant at first, those were darn good bacon bits.  The judges voted Sarah off for misrepresenting the role of Nixon in Watergate.

It was the final round, Little Timmy was pushed off the set and over to recovery.

"For this last round, you're going to provide your judges a cake that represents the true meaning of Christmas."

--------------SCRATCH NOT READY FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION YET-------------------------

Sumores



Three ghosts as judges

Judges don't say anything


I cook one thing.

Everyone is sharing ingredients and there's nothing left

All that matters is how food looks on the camera

One person who keeps getting dunked-on by the judges but they don't get rid of them.

It's people

Is the food laced?

Person who keeps eating entire plate

Host keeps breaking things.


